AEGIS DEFENCE LINE
 M          T          SV          W          LD         OC

 -        12          2+         10          7+          0

 ABILITIES
 Emplacement Platform: Friendly Astra Militarum Infantry
 models can be set up or end any type of move on top of the
 platform section of this Fortification.
 Reinforced Cover: Each time a ranged attack is allocated to a
 model, if that model is not fully visible to every model in the
 attacking unit because of this Fortification, that model has
 the Benefit of Cover against that attack.
 Defence Line: While an Astra Militarum Infantry model
 has the Benefit of Cover as a result of this terrain feature
 (see above), that model has a 4+ invulnerable save.
 Fortification: While an enemy unit is only within Engagement
 Range of one or more Fortifications from your army:
 ■ That unit can still be selected as the target of ranged
    attacks, but each time such an attack is made, unless it is
    made with a Pistol, subtract 1 from the Hit roll.
 ■ Models in that unit do not need to take Desperate Escape
    tests due to Falling Back while Battle-shocked, except for
    those that will move over enemy models when doing so.




                                                                   FACTION KEYWORDS:
 KEYWORDS: Fortification, Imperium, Aegis Defence Line
                                                                   Astra Militarum
---PAGE 2---
AEGIS DEFENCE LINE
Aegis Defence Lines are barricades comprising crenellated
armoured panels that link together in a solid shield-wall.
Thanks to their simple design they can be built and deployed
at great speed, and are thus ideal for establishing defensive
perimeters before more permanent structures can be erected.



  UNIT COMPOSITION
  ■ 1 Aegis Defence Line


  WARGEAR OPTIONS
  ■ None


  DEPLOYMENT
  When this model is set up, it will consist of 1 platform section,
  up to 5 shield section, up to 2 broken shield sections and up
  to 2 end sections. All sections must be connected to each
  other to form a continuous defence line; the 2 broken shield
  sections can be placed either at the end of the defence line, or
  in the middle of it such that both are within ½" of each other
  (in this case, these 2 sections count as being connected to
  each other). All of the sections that have been set up are then
  treated as a single model for all rules purposes.




                                                                      FACTION KEYWORDS:
   KEYWORDS: Fortification, Imperium, Aegis Defence Line
                                                                      Astra Militarum
---PAGE 2---
