WEBWAY GATE
 M          T          SV          W          LD         OC

 -        12          3+         14         6+           0

 ABILITIES
 CORE: Deadly Demise D3

 FACTION: Strands of Fate

 Arcane Cover: Each time a ranged attack is allocated to a model, if that model is not
 fully visible to every model in the attacking unit because of this Fortification, that
 model has the Benefit of Cover against that attack.
 Webway Strike: Each time a friendly Aeldari unit arrives from Strategic Reserves,
 you can choose to set it up anywhere on the battlefield that is wholly within 6" of this
 Fortification. If you do, that Aeldari unit can be set up within 9" of enemy models,
 and can be set up within Engagement Range of enemy models. If an Aeldari unit
 is set up within Engagement Range of any enemy models in this way, it counts as
 having made a Charge move this turn and is eligible to fight this turn.
 Fortification: While an enemy unit is only within Engagement Range of one or more
 Fortifications from your army:
 ■ That unit can still be selected as the target of ranged attacks, but each time such
    an attack is made, unless it is made with a Pistol, subtract 1 from the Hit roll.
 ■ Models in that unit do not need to take Desperate Escape tests due to Falling Back
    while Battle-shocked, except for those that will move over enemy models when
    doing so.




                                                                                            FACTION KEYWORDS:
 KEYWORDS: Fortification, Webway Gate
                                                                                            Aeldari
---PAGE 2---
WEBWAY GATE
Webway Gates allow the Aeldari access to the boundless
corridors of the labyrinth dimension. Remnants of the
lost Aeldari empire, millions of these portals are scattered
across the galaxy, and every craftworld has a nexus of such
constructs to enable their people to travel where they need to.



   UNIT COMPOSITION
   ■ 2 Wraithbone Arches
   This unit is equipped with: nothing.


   WARGEAR OPTIONS
   ■ None


   DEPLOYMENT
   Both Wraithbone Arches of this Fortification must be set up
   with their upper points no more than 1" apart and with both
   statues facing in fully opposite directions so that an arch is
   formed, as shown on the right. Both arches are then treated
   as a single model for all rules purposes.




                                                                    FACTION KEYWORDS:
   KEYWORDS: Fortification, Webway Gate
                                                                    Aeldari
---PAGE 2---
